6. Membership Meetings.
a. Notice of Meetings. Written notice of every Membership Meeting shall be given to all
Regular and Supporting Members and shall include an agenda for the meeting.
Except as otherwise provided in Article VIII of these Bylaws, notice shall be mailed
at least seven days prior to a meeting.
b. Annual Meetings. Subsequent to the First Annual Meeting, the Annual Meeting of the
Membership, for reports to the Membership by the Board of Directors and Officers,
the election of Directors, the assessment of dues, and the transaction of other
business, shall be held in the fourth quarter of each year. The location and specific
time of the Annual Meeting shall be determined by the Board of Directors. Notice of
the Annual Meeting shall include a list of those persons nominated for the Board of
Directors as provided in Article III of these Bylaws.
c. Regular Meetings. Regular Meetings may be scheduled by the Regular Membership at such times and places as they shall establish at the Annual Meeting.
d. Special Meetings. Special Membership Meetings may be called by the Board of
Directors or by a written petition, addressed to the President of the Corporation,
signed by at least one tenth (10%) of the Regular Membership. At a Special Meeting,
only those matters stated on the agenda, as included in the notice of the meeting, may
be acted upon by the Membership.
e. Open meetings. All Membership Meetings shall be open to any person.
f. Minutes. Minutes of all Membership Meetings shall be recorded by the Secretary of
the Corporation or by another person designated by the Board of Directors. Minutes
for every meeting shall be approved by the Regular Membership at the next
Membership Meeting.
g. Quorum. A quorum shall consist of ___ percent of the total Regular Membership, as
determined by the Secretary of the Corporation.
h. Decision-Making. Whenever possible, decisions shall be made at Membership
Meetings by the consensus of the Regular Members present, a quorum being
assembled. In the event that consensus is not attained, a decision shall be made by an
affirmative vote of a majority of the Regular Members present and voting, a quorum
being assembled, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws. Before a vote is
held on any motion, the exact language of the motion shall be recorded by the
Secretary and read to the Membership, and all Members present shall have a
reasonable opportunity to express their opinions on the proposition.
