11. Procedures for Meetings of the Board of Directors.
a. Open Meetings. All meetings of the Board of Directors shall be open to any person
except when the Board has voted, during an open meeting, to go into executive
session.
b. Executive Session. A motion to go into executive session shall state the nature of the
business of the executive session, and no other matter may be considered in the
executive session. No binding action may be taken in executive session except
actions regarding the securing of real estate purchase options or contracts in
accordance with paragraph b-2 below. Attendance in executive session shall be
limited to the Directors and any persons whose presence is requested by the Board of
Directors. Minutes of an executive session need not be taken; however, if they are
taken, they shall be recorded as a part of the minutes of the meeting in which the
Board has voted to go into executive session. The Board shall not hold an executive
session except to consider one or more of the following matters.
(1) Contracts, labor relations agreements with employees, arbitration, grievances, or
litigation involving the Corporation when premature public knowledge would
place the Corporation or person involved at a substantial disadvantage.
(2) Real estate purchase offers and the negotiating or securing of real estate purchase
options or contracts.
(3) The appointment or evaluation of an employee, and any disciplinary or dismissal
action against an employee (however, nothing in this section shall be construed
to impair the right of the employee to a public hearing if action is taken to
discipline or dismiss).
(4) The consideration of applications from persons seeking to lease land and/or
housing, purchase housing or other improvements, or arrange financing from the
Corporation.
(5) Relationships between the Corporation and any party who might be harmed by
public discussion of matters relating to the relationship.
c. Quorum. At any meeting of the Board, a quorum shall consist of a majority of the
Board of Directors, provided that at least one representative from each of the three
categories of representatives is present.
d. Decision-Making. The Board shall attempt to reach unanimous agreement on all
decisions. In the event that unanimous agreement cannot be achieved, a decision may
be made by a majority of the Directors present and voting, except as otherwise
provided in these Bylaws.
e. Minutes. Minutes of all Board meetings shall be recorded by the Secretary or by such
other person as the Board may designate, and shall be corrected as necessary and
approved by the Board at the next Board meeting. All duly approved minutes of
Board meetings shall be kept on permanent record by the Corporation and shall be
open for inspection by any Member of the Corporation.
