9. Removal of Directors. A Director of the Corporation may be removed for good cause by
the regular members of the Corporation when such Director is judged to have acted in a
manner seriously detrimental to the Corporation. However, before such removal can
occur, the following procedure must be followed.
a. Written charges specifying the conduct considered to be detrimental must be signed
by at least three members of the Corporation and submitted to the President (or, if
the President is the Director charged, to the Vice President). Any Regular Members
of the Corporation may submit such charges.
b. The President (or Vice President) shall deliver or mail a copy of the charges to the
Director charged.
c. A Special Committee consisting of three Regular Members of the Corporation shall
be created to consider the charges. One member of the Committee shall be selected
by the Board of Directors, but without the participation of the Director charged,
within ten days following the delivery or mailing of the charges to the Director
charged. In making its selection, the Board shall endeavor to select a person who
will consider the charges without bias. No later than ten days following the Board’s
selection of the first member of the Committee, a second member may be selected by
the Director charged. In the event that the Director charged fails to select a second
member of the Committee within ten days, the Board may select a second member
who, in the judgement of the Board, will consider the charges without bias. Within
ten days following the selection of the second member of the Committee, the first
and second members shall select a third member of the Committee. If the first and
second members cannot agree upon a third member within this ten-day period, the
Board shall select a third member.
d. The Special Committee shall hold a hearing, at which both the Director charged and
the members who have filed charges may present evidence in the presence of the
other. Following the hearing, the Committee shall prepare a written report of its
findings and its recommendation for or against removal. The recommendation shall
be based on a majority vote if consensus cannot be reached. The report shall contain
a statement of how each member of the Committee has voted. The report shall be
completed and submitted to the President of the Corporation no later than one month
following the selection of the third member of the Committee.
e. If the Committee recommends removal of the Director, the recommendation shall be
presented to the Regular Membership, which shall then have sole authority to decide
the question of removal. A Membership meeting for this purpose shall be called by
the President for a time no later than one month following the President’s receipt of
the Committee’s recommendation for removal. Notice of this meeting shall include
a complete copy of the Committee’s report.
