12. Duties of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors shall carry out the purposes
of the Corporation, implement the decisions of the Regular Membership, and be
responsible for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation in accordance
with these Bylaws. Specifically, the Board shall:
a. Approve a written Annual Report to The Membership, and make this report available
to all members. This report shall include a summary of the Corporation’s activities
during the previous year, the Corporation’s most recent financial reports, and a list of
all real estate held by the Corporation.
b. Adopt an annual operating budget prior to the beginning of each fiscal year, and
approve any expenditures not included in the budget.
c. Select all officers of the Corporation.
d. Supervise the activities of all officers, agents, and committees of the Corporation in
the performance of their assigned duties and investigate any possible conflicts of
interest within the Corporation.
e. Adopt and implement personnel policies providing for the hiring, supervision, and
evaluation of employees.
f. Provide for the deposit of funds in accordance with Article IX of these Bylaws.
g. Determine by whom and in what manner deeds, leases, contracts, checks, drafts,
endorsements, notes and other instruments shall be signed on behalf of the
Corporation.
h. Acquire such parcels of land, with or without buildings and other improvements,
through donation, purchase, or otherwise, as the Board shall determine that it is
useful and prudent to acquire in furtherance of the purposes of the Corporation.
i. Convey the right to use land, through leases or other limited conveyances, in
accordance with the provisions of Articles V and VI of these Bylaws.
j Convey ownership of housing and other improvements on the Corporation’s land to
qualified lessees, as possible, in accordance with the provisions of Articles V and VI
of these Bylaws.
k. Exercise, as appropriate, the Corporation’s option to repurchase (or arrange for the
resale of) housing and other improvements on the Corporation’s land, or
condominium units on which the corporation holds a purchase option.
l. Develop the resources necessary for the operation of the Corporation and for the
acquisition and development of land and housing.
m. Assure the sound management of the Corporation’s finances.
