3. Nomination of Directors. For all regular elections subsequent to the first
Annual Meeting of the Membership, Directors shall be nominated as follows:
a. Lessee Representatives.
(1) Lessee Members may nominate Lessee Representatives to the Board from among
themselves. These nominations must either be submitted in writing to the
Secretary of the Corporation at least ten days prior to the Annual Membership
Meeting or be made from the floor at the Annual Meeting.
(2) In the event that, at the time when the notice of the Annual Membership Meeting
is to be sent out, the number of nominations is less than the number of Lessee
Representative seats to be filled, the Board of Directors shall nominate enough
candidates so that the total number of candidates is sufficient to fill the number
of seats to be filled. To achieve this end, the Board may, at any time prior to the
sending out of such notice, approve a list of candidates for Lessee Representative
to be nominated in such event. In making such nominations, the Board shall
select actual Lessees to the extent that they are available to serve on the Board of
Directors. Otherwise the Board shall select persons who can reasonably be
expected to represent the normal interests and concerns of Lessees.
b. General Representatives.
(1) General Members may nominate General Representatives to the Board from
among themselves. These nominations must either be submitted in writing to the
Secretary of the Corporation at least ten days prior to the Annual Meeting or be
made from the floor at the Annual Meeting.
(2) If, at the time the notice of the Annual Membership Meeting is to be sent out, the
number of nominations for General representative is less than the number of
General Representative seats to be filled, the Board of Directors shall nominate
enough candidates so that the total number of candidates is sufficient to fill the
number of seats to be filled. To achieve this end, the Board may, at any time prior
to the sending out of such notice, approve a list of candidates for General
Representatives to be nominated in such event.
c. Public Representatives. At least ten days prior to the Annual Meeting, the Board of
Directors shall make nominations for Public Representatives to the Board.
d. Notice of Nominations. A list of all persons nominated in each of the three categories
shall be included with the notice of the Annual Meeting.
